---
title: "Product Application Specialist - Biopharma Industry"
date: 24-0402023
url: /product-application-specialist-biopharma-industry-01/
mathjax: true
---

<center>
  <button style="background-color: blue;">
  <a href="https://vwr.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/avantorJobs/job/Hyderabad-IND/Product-Application-Specialist_R-148245?     ccuid=45831714796&source=Job_Board_Indeed&ittk=JPV2EWCN3K" style="color:white" > Click here to Apply</a>
  </button>
 </center>

Location: Hyderabad, Telangana

Company: Avantor

Job Type: Full-time

Education: Minimum education requirement: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Life Sciences (Biology, Molecular Biology, Microbiology, Immunology, Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Engineering).

Experience:

1) Minimum of 5 to 10 years industry experience in life sciences – Biopharma industry, including relevant knowledge across the workflow.

2) Experience working with external customers within the Biotech, Biologics, Life Sciences, and/or Biopharmaceutical industries in a technical, engineering, or manufacturing capacity.


Responsibilities:

1) Develop and execute a technical engagement strategy that is globally and cross-functionally aligned to support the positioning of Masterflex pump and tubing in customer's process workflows for biopharma businesses.

2) Lead as a technical expert in the biopharma industry, providing guidance and support to customers and internal teams.

3) Collaborate with customers and internal teams to identify opportunities for product and service improvements.

4) Deliver technical presentations and training to customers and internal teams.

5) Provide on-site and remote technical support to customers as needed.

6) Stay up-to-date with industry trends and developments.

Requirements:

1) A minimum of 5 to 10 years of industry experience in the life sciences - Biopharma industry.

2) Strong knowledge of upstream process and chromatography purification downstream process.

3) Excellent communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.

4) Ability to work independently and as part of a team.

5) Willingness to travel as needed.

If you are passionate about the biopharma industry and have the experience and skills we are looking for, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity with Avantor. Apply now and take the first step towards a rewarding career with a global leader in the industry!


The job is for a Product Application Specialist for Avantor's Fluid Handling (AFH) division in the biopharmaceutical industry. The position requires a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Life Sciences (Biology, Molecular Biology, Microbiology, Immunology, Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Engineering) and a minimum of 5 to 10 years of experience in the biopharma industry. The role involves providing technical guidance and support for the upstream process and chromatography purification downstream process. The specialist will be responsible for developing and executing a technical engagement strategy globally, which is aligned to support the positioning of Masterflex pump and tubing in customer's process workflows. They will work with external and internal customers to meet business goals and maintain awareness of customers' evolving technical challenges and material requirements. The role involves managing and prioritizing technical engagements in the field, tracking metrics related to technical customer engagements for the India sales team, and supporting the development of applications data for new and existing products and services. The successful candidate will have excellent communication and interpersonal skills and be able to develop and maintain strong technical relationships with targeted key accounts.

To apply, please click the link below:
<center>
  <button style="background-color: blue;">
  <a href="https://vwr.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/avantorJobs/job/Hyderabad-IND/Product-Application-Specialist_R-148245?     ccuid=45831714796&source=Job_Board_Indeed&ittk=JPV2EWCN3K" style="color:white" > Click here to Apply</a>
  </button>
 </center>
