---
title: Product Specialist - Protein & Molecular Biology | Thermo Fisher Scientific | Hyderabad

url: /product-specialist-protein-molecular-biology-thermo-fisher-scientific-hyderabad/
---

Title: Product Specialist - Protein & Molecular Biology | Thermo Fisher Scientific | Hyderabad

<center>
  <button style="background-color: #3C638F;">
  <a href="https://jobs.thermofisher.com/global/en/job/227392BR/Product-Specialist-Protein-Molecular-Biology?rx_campaign=indeed0&rx_ch=jobp4p&rx_group=123525&rx_job=227392BR_1001-1&rx_r=none&rx_source=Indeed&rx_ts=20230430T000248Z&rx_vp=cpc" style="color:white" > Click here to Apply</a>
  </button>
 </center>
 
Location: Hyderabad, Telangana

Salary: Competitive

About the Company:

Thermo Fisher Scientific is a global leader in scientific research and innovation, offering a wide range of products and services to help scientists and researchers advance their work. With a focus on protein and molecular biology, Thermo Fisher Scientific is committed to providing cutting-edge solutions to meet the needs of customers worldwide.

Job Description:

We are seeking a talented and driven Product Specialist to join our team in Hyderabad. As a Product Specialist, you will be responsible for maintaining our current customer base while actively developing new process opportunities to build a strong pipeline of projects that will fuel future growth. You will work closely with customers to understand their needs and provide solutions that meet or exceed their expectations.

Key Responsibilities:

1) Maintain and grow existing customer relationships to maximize revenue and profitability

2) Develop new business opportunities by identifying and targeting potential customers

3) Provide technical support and training to customers on the use of our products

4) Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and execute marketing strategies

5) Stay up-to-date with industry trends and new product developments

Qualifications:

1) Bachelor's or Master's degree in Life Sciences or a related field

2) 3+ years of experience in a sales or business development role, preferably in the life sciences industry

3) Strong understanding of protein and molecular biology applications and workflows

4) Excellent communication and interpersonal skills

5) Ability to work independently and as part of a team


To Apply:

If you are passionate about science and innovation and want to make a difference in the world, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. Please click on the link provided to submit your application. Thermo Fisher Scientific is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes diversity in the workplace.

About Thermo Fisher Scientific:

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE: TMO) is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue of approximately $40 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, increasing productivity in their laboratories, improving patient health through diagnostics or the development and manufacture of life-changing therapies, we are here to support them. Our global team of more than 100,000colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services, Patheon and PPD. For more information, please visit
www.thermofisher.com

