---

title: "Application Specialist- Biopharma"
url: /application-specialist-biopharma-05-avantor/
---

Job title: Application Specialist- Biopharma

Date of posting : 27-04-2023

Location: Hyderabad, Banglore 

(Full time)

<center>
  <button style="background-color: #3C638F;">
  <a href="https://vwr.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/en-US/avantorJobs/job/Hyderabad-IND/Product-Application-Specialist_R-148245?ccuid=45856116736&source=Job_Board_Indeed&ittk=5CP76XJ1KX" style="color:white" > Click here to Apply</a>
  </button>
 </center>
 
 Job Summary
The Opportunity

Avantor Fluid Handling (AFH) division provides Standard/Customized solutions for bio-pharmaceutical manufacturers across every step of the bioprocess workflow. The division offers Masterflex Peristaltic pump, Tubing, SU product (TFF, IDS, assemblies) and more from.

He/She will lead as India’s Product Application Specialist for AFH division, providing guidance based on his past technical experience and in-depth knowledge of the Upstream Process/Chromatography purification Downstream process.

This role is responsible for developing and executing a technical engagement strategy that is globally and cross functionally aligned to support the positioning of Masterflex pump and tubing. Pumps and tubing in customer’s process workflows for BP Businesses. He/She needs to bring a balance of strategic direction, daily management, and application support to help us deliver and maximize on our Key Performance Indicators (KPIs).

What we’re looking for

Education: Minimum education requirement: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Life Sciences (Biology, Molecular Biology, Microbiology, Immunology, Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Engineering).

Experience:

1) Minimum of 5 to 10 years industry experience in life sciences – Biopharma industry, including relevant knowledge across the workflow.
2) Experience working with external customers within the Biotech, Biologics, Life Sciences, and/or Biopharmaceutical industries in a technical, engineering, or manufacturing capacity.
3) How you will thrive and create an impact

He/She will be playing a critical role in identifying and prioritizing their team's activities to ensure effective support of external and internal customers, including commercial Sales colleagues, Product Managers and R&D scientists as necessary to meet the business goals. In addition, this leader must maintain awareness of customers' evolving technical challenges and material requirements and be able to effectively capture and communicate these to the Marketing, Product Management and R&D teams.

1) Effectively influence and guide the commercial team for technical positioning of our AFH products in customer’s process.
2) Manage and prioritize technical engagements in the field.
3) Support sales team members in customer engagement activities as appropriate.
4) Track and trend metrics related to technical customer engagements for the India sales team.
5) Partner with Marketing, Product Management and R&D to support the development of applications data for new and existing products and services.
6) Drive innovation and support the continuous improvement of AFH and service offerings.
7) Compile and analyze Voice of Customer to identify unmet customer needs and pain points.
8) Understand and communicate competitive landscape and potential for future products and services to Marketing and Product Management.
9) Maintain a current understanding of industry trends by attending scientific conferences, trade shows and reviewing literature, and communicate findings accordingly.
10) Support local and global sales process, including support of Biopharma Account Managers, Sales Managers, Sales Specialists and Business stake holders.
11) Develop and maintain strong technical relationships with targeted key accounts.

Why Avantor?

Dare to go further in your career. Join our global team of 14,000+ associates whose passion for discovery and determination to overcome challenges relentlessly advances life-changing science.  

The work we do changes people’s lives for the better. It brings new patient treatments and therapies to market, giving a cancer survivor the chance to walk his daughter down the aisle. It enables medical devices that help a little boy hear his mom’s voice for the first time. Outcomes such as these create unlimited opportunities for you to contribute your talents, learn new skills and grow your career at Avantor.  

We are committed to helping you on this journey through our diverse, equitable and inclusive culture which includes learning experiences to support your career growth and success. At Avantor, dare to go further and see how the impact of your contributions set science in motion to create a better world. Apply today! 

DISCLAIMER:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.
Avantor is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

EEO Statement:

We recognize the value of diverse workforce and aim to create employment opportunities such that all employees achieve their full potential and work in an environment free of discrimination and harassment. We are an Equal Employment/Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate in hiring on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, caste, color, religious creed, ethnicity, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by central, national, provincial or local laws.

3rd party non-solicitation policy

By submitting candidates without having been formally assigned on and contracted for a specific job requisition by Avantor, or by failing to comply with the Avantor recruitment process, you forfeit any fee on the submitted candidates, regardless of your usual terms and conditions. Avantor works with a preferred supplier list and will take the initiative to engage with recruitment agencies based on its needs and will not be accepting any form of solicitation
