---
title: "Senior Manager Products"

url: /senior-manager-products-08/
---

Job title: Senior Manager Products

<center>
  <button style="background-color: #3C638F;">
  <a href="https://pharm-sol.com/careers/" style="color:white" > Click here to Apply</a>
  </button>
 </center>

Location : Hyderabad, India

Qualification: 

1) Academic Qualification (minimum): B.E. / B. Tech in Mechanical / Chemical Engg. (Chem. Engg. preferred)
2) Years of relevant professional experience: 12+ years

Skills Required:
1) Experience as a Project Manager in pharma formulation projects involving hands on exposure to facility design & essentially spanning the FDF manufacturing categories (Solid Dosage Forms, Semi-Solid Dosage Forms, Liquid Dosage Forms, Injectable Form)
2) In-depth knowledge w.r.t. the following project engineering disciplines for formulation projects:
      1) Process: Plant capacity calculations, Process & Utility equipment sizing; GMP requirements
      2) Mechanical: Process equipment & piping (incl. layouts) / Utilities (black & clean) / HVAC / Fire Protection (FP) & Public Health Engg. (PHE)
      3) Building Management Systems & ELV Systems
      4) Project Cost Estimation (upto + 10% accuracy level)
3) Basic knowledge w.r.t. the following project engineering disciplines for formulation projects (Electricals [other than ELV systems], Plant Instrumentation & Automation [other than BMS], Civil Structure & Architecture)
4) Strong exposure to project capital items procurement
5) Exposure to & conversant with the requirements of international regulatory body (preferably EDQM, EUGMP, WHO) facility audits.
6) Advanced knowledge on software skills: MS Office (Word, Excel & Power Point), MS Projects, AutoCad
7) Possess profound data base w.r.t. indigenous & imported formulation process & utility equipment machinery vendors & cost.

Change more than just your career:

People at PharmSol are thinkers and doers. That’s why we recruit people with more than just a passion for pharmaceutical solutions – they must also have the courage to bring them to life. There are so many opportunities available – from providing advice, information and solutions to implementing it in pharma plants that make a positive difference for our clients. We build our firm with an entrepreneurial spirit, fueled by dynamic teamwork and collaboration, and founded on trust and respect for each other. The opportunities are endless – the choice is yours.

The Company Overview:

PharmSol, founded in 2004, has grown to become a global pharmaceutical enterprise, offering smart products and providing bespoke solutions throughout the world. PharmSol’s successful track record is credited to its team’s all round technical competence, its drive to be the leading choice for clients, its focus on building long term relationships and its longstanding dedication to prosper the pharma industry and community.

Since its inception 18 years ago, PharmSol has treaded a path of perpetual growth, expanding not only its global reach, but also the products and solutions we offer, the diverse yet detailed expertise of our team and the number of clients whose expectations we have exceeded.

Today, PharmSol has earned a worldwide reputation for developing and registering many first to file products and backward integrating. As a result, we possess a vast portfolio of products and technologies, which are either developed in-house or are co-developments. We endeavour to bring new products to the market and implement new ideas & technologies to meet needs of the future.

PharmSol is well known for offering integrated solutions with ‘single window’ access to all its clients, ensuring seamless and optimal deliverance on all assignments. In key markets and through our experience and operational flexibility, we address challenges of our customers in areas of pharmaceutical regulations, product development, registration, engineering, market affairs and supply of products.

PharmSol has widened its niche, by providing on a supplemental or comprehensive basis, fully tailored solutions for meeting the Product Development, IPR, Facility Design, Compliance, Registrations, Market Access, Audits and Supply Chain requirements, with a focus on EU, US, TGA, WHO and other International Regulatory Requirements.

PharmSol continues to strive for excellence and achieve its goal to forever be the leader in pharma and the foremost choice for its customers. Its visionary leadership, with nearly 40 years of success, continues to innovate and grow, through cementing its presence in Africa and far east Asia as well as through new ventures, such as Eminus eGlobal Institute, which are destined to transform the pharma industry.

explore our site for more jobs in Hyderabad


